README.md, before:

# Preact Rectangles

## Development guide

*This plugin is built with [Create Figma Plugin](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/).*

### Pre-requisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) – v18
- [Figma desktop app](https://figma.com/downloads/)

### Build the plugin

To build the plugin:

```
$ npm run build
```

This will generate a [`manifest.json`](https://figma.com/plugin-docs/manifest/) file and a `build/` directory containing the JavaScript bundle(s) for the plugin.

To watch for code changes and rebuild the plugin automatically:

```
$ npm run watch
```

### Install the plugin

1. In the Figma desktop app, open a Figma document.
2. Search for and run `Import plugin from manifest…` via the Quick Actions search bar.
3. Select the `manifest.json` file that was generated by the `build` script.

### Debugging

Use `console.log` statements to inspect values in your code.

To open the developer console, search for and run `Open Console` via the Quick Actions search bar.

## See also

- [Create Figma Plugin docs](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/)
- [`yuanqing/figma-plugins`](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins#readme)

Official docs and code samples from Figma:

- [Plugin API docs](https://figma.com/plugin-docs/)
- [`figma/plugin-samples`](https://github.com/figma/plugin-samples#readme)

Commit message:

feat: update README and refactor propertyApplicator by removing unused card slot logic

README.md, after:

# Tiny Components

Replace placeholder frames with polished design system components in Figma.

## Features

- Auto-detect frames that match mapping rules and select them on canvas.
- Replace matched frames with DS components while keeping layout.
- Manual mapping: map a selected layer to a component ID.
- Searchable component picker for manual mapping.
- Click any mapping to select its node on canvas.

## Usage

1. Open the plugin in Figma.
2. Use **Find Components** to select all frames that match mapping rules.
3. Use **Replace from DS** to replace all matched frames.
4. For manual mapping:
	- Select a layer on canvas.
	- Choose a component in the searchable picker.
	- Click **Map** to save the mapping.
	- Click a mapping row to jump to that node on canvas.

Notes:
- Card components are inserted with their default slot content (no auto-population).

## Development guide

*This plugin is built with [Create Figma Plugin](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/).*

### Pre-requisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) – v18
- [Figma desktop app](https://figma.com/downloads/)

### Build the plugin

To build the plugin:

```
$ npm run build
```

This will generate a [`manifest.json`](https://figma.com/plugin-docs/manifest/) file and a `build/` directory containing the JavaScript bundle(s) for the plugin.

To watch for code changes and rebuild the plugin automatically:

```
$ npm run watch
```

### Install the plugin

1. In the Figma desktop app, open a Figma document.
2. Search for and run `Import plugin from manifest…` via the Quick Actions search bar.
3. Select the `manifest.json` file that was generated by the `build` script.

### Debugging

Use `console.log` statements to inspect values in your code.

To open the developer console, search for and run `Open Console` via the Quick Actions search bar.

## See also

- [Create Figma Plugin docs](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/)
- [`yuanqing/figma-plugins`](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins#readme)

Official docs and code samples from Figma:

- [Plugin API docs](https://figma.com/plugin-docs/)
- [`figma/plugin-samples`](https://github.com/figma/plugin-samples#readme)
